ouiimi
The goal for ouiimi is to create a community-driven booking platform build for everyday service based businesses. The goal is to create a simple, fair, and transparent way to take bookings. The goal is simplify how people book everyday services where its hair, nails, beauty, wellness and even pet grooming all in one place - people will be able to discover, manage, and book appointments with less stress. 
Notes:  
To explain this draft better, I will be using the following names for examples.
our customer - Lisa
Name of business: Annie's Salon
staff members: Annie, May, June 
ouiimi Details
business name: ouiimi 
links: ouiimi.com, ouiimi.com.au 
email: ouiimi@outlook.com
password: Anniegigi29

services. (categories)
Here is a list of services we will be starting with, just to in mind, as you will see, each service has sub-services. These can be pre-programed for small business to select from when listing their service,  Hair services is the biggest
Hair Services (Category)
 Haircuts
  women's cut & style
  Restyle (short/long/medium/Extra long)
  Fringe Trime
  Men's Cut
  Kids' cut
       Add-Ons
        Scalp Massage
         Hydration/Repair
         Toner
         Extra Blow-Dry

colouring 
   Root Touch-up
   Full Colour
   Hair Head Foils/Highlights 
   Balayage/Ombre
   Toner/Gloss
Add-Ons
   Extra Colour Bowl
   Root Shadow/Blend
   Gloss Refresh
   Colour Lock Treatment
Blow-Dry & Styling 
    Blow wave (short)
    Blow wave (Medium)
    Blow wave (Extra Long)
    standard Blow-Dry 
    Wash & Blow-Dry
    Curls/Waves Styling
    up-Do / Even Styling
    Bridal Hair Styling
    Restyle Blow-Dry
Add-ons
    Hot Tool Styling
    Braiding
    Occasion Finish
Treatments
  Keratin Treatment 
  Hydration / Moisture Treatment
  Repair / Strengthening Treatment
  Scalp Treatment / Detox 

Nails (Category)
  Basic Manicure
  Deluxe Manicure
  Basic Pedicure 
  Gel / Shellac Application
  Acrylic Refills
  Nail Art (set)
  Nail Repair
Add-Ons
    French Tip
    Gel Polish Upgrade
    Cuticle Treatment
    Paraffin Wax

Beauty & Brows (category)
    Eyebrow Shape Wax
    Eyebrow Shape Thread
    Eyebrow Tint
    Lash Tint
    Lash Lift
    Lash Extensions (Full Set)
    Lash Infill
    Makeup Application 
    Bridal Make up 
Add-Ons
    Brow Tint
    Lash Tint
    Quick Facial
    Lip Wax
    Chin Wax 
Massage & Wellness. (Category)
     Relaxation Massage 
     Remedial Massage
     Sports Massage 
     Hot stone Massage
     Pregnancy Massage
     Spa Package
Add-Ons
      Extra Hot Stones
      Aromatherapy Oils
     Extra 15 mins
     Cupping 
Skin & Facials (Category)
      Classic Facial 
      Deep Cleanse Facial
      Hydrating Facial
      Anti-Ageing Facial
      Microdermabrasion
      Chemical Peel
      LED Light Therapy
       Express Facial




Dog Grooming (Category)
Bathing & Cleaning
 Basic Wash
 Wash & Dry
 Flea/Tick Wash
 De-Shedding Wash
Haircuts & Styling
 Full Groom (wash, cut, style)
 Breed-Specific
 Puppy Groom
 Partial Groom (face, feet, sanitary trim)
Coat & Skin Care
 De-Shedding Treatment
 Coat Condition/Deep Treatment
 Medicated Bath (sensitive skin)
Nails & Paws
 Nail Trim
 Nail Grind (smooth finish)
 Paw Pad Trim
 Paw Balm Treatment
Ears, Eyes & Teeth
 Ear Cleaning
 Tear Stain Clean
 Teeth Brushing
Add-Ons
 Anal  Gland Expression
 Flea/Tick Treatment 
 Bow/Bandana + Cologne Finish
 Extra Time for Large/Double - Coated Dogs
  







Home Page
First page ouiimi visitor sees, all listed service will appear her in their categories, through this page, shoppers can discover, browse and book services how its will look. 





















	

Card Explained. Go to small business page for this information make sense. 
The card will look this, here we will fetch the immediate information the shopper needs to see while trying to make a booking, all this information is from when the small business is listing their service (see that page ) I will the business example and explanation. 
 




To view more information about the service and make a booking the customer can click on the card and be taken to this page. 







	















Adding to cart
Say the customer has filled out all the information and they are reading to make booking




















     







	


Book Button (Top of Home page)
When shoppers visit ouiimi they can just explore and see what service are available but if they have a specific date and want narrow down and book an appointment, in come the Book button 
This button will allow shoppers to book service according to their location and narrow down search depending on what they are after. For this example is will use hair services and dog grooming because it the more sub categories. 




	




















	


Going into a service,
Like we did with ouiiwe, in the home under each service, we will fetch the first 6 cards, the a more button. 
for the rest of the other categories you can just show the carts going across, but hair-services and dog grooming, lets give the sub-categories their own line 
























	





Shopper Account.
In their account, when signed in shoppers will be able to keep on top, track and manage of their bookings this how it will look. 






























What  happened when shopper clicks on cards in their profile 





















       
     







	

Shopper views.
At anytime, when the shopper clicks on the business name, they can be forwarded to this business' profile, what they can see















	














Small business page. 
Becoming a small business, like ouiiwe for ouiimi, we will go through the same process, shopper account, then business requests to become a seller, once they have been accepted and become a small business, here is the look and  functionality of small business page. 


















	





	




















	



	






















         




















	





Finished orders





























Listing on ouiimi 
For listing, we will do like we did with ouiiwe service feature, this will be page the small business lands whenever they long into their business page, in here, the business will be able to see their listed but not booked services. The can also click and go into the service to see its details. 



	





	




       


















	


	







	



	






Date: 
